[singing in Japanese]
[narrator]
Marie was stricken
with a rare tropical fever.
Nadia begged Captain Nemo
to save Marie, but he refused.
Soon, Nadia herself was
overcome by the illness.
Nemo changed his mind
and led a rescue mission
to procure an antidote.
Our story continues as Nadia
tries to understand
the mysterious captain.
[engine whirring]
It looks like we're
ready to go now.
Let's see what it can do,
Hanson!
Here goes nothing.
Whoa! The superalloy
from the engine room
can really handle the heat.
There's no sign of melting.
To think that
we invented
that incredible
mechanical blade
in only three days,
you know what that means,
don't you, Jean?
-We're geniuses!
-[Jean] We're geniuses!
Right. Thanks to
this ship's technology.
Hey there, Jean. How'd it go?
Huh? Hi there,
Monsieur Fait.
Did you get it to work?
Oh, yes. It was great.
Thank you.
The alloy really worked well.
Thanks a lot.
[Fait]
That's good to hear.
Glad you could put some
of our spare parts to use.
Well, it seems even
the spare parts
of this ship are amazing.
Ow!
[screams]
No!
[Hanson]
Hurry, Jean!
It's gonna burn
right through the hull!
[Jean grunts]
Just made it.
Huh?
Ah! My glasses!
Where are my glasses?
Oh, no. Oh, please.
I can't see a thing.
What are you doing
on the floor?
-[glass cracks, Nadia gasps]
-[Jean] What was that?
[gasps]
Oh.
Oh, dear. I am really sorry.
My father brought me these
before he went out to sea
so they're the only thing
I have left that he gave me.
And he was so rarely
ever at home.
I didn't mean to.
Hmm.
Oh, well, don't get
too upset about it, Nadia,
it was bound to happen.
It's God's way of telling me
not to get too attached
to earthly objects.
Hey, what's wrong?
There's nothing in the world
that can't be repaired
except for human life.
If something gets broken,
then you just have to fix it.
Do you know what I mean, Jean?
-Huh?
-Give them here.
I'll make them as good as new.
What? You can fix these here?
Sure.
We have all kinds of facilities
on the Nautilus
so that we don't have to rely
on modern civilization.
Wow! This ship is amazing.
Yep, that's the truth.
Hmm.
I can't agree with that.
[sonar] Unidentified ship
detected at two o'clock.
[helmsman] It's moving at a slow
speed leaving a shallow wake.
Could just be a whale.
[navigator]
It could be a whale.
It could also be the Garfish.
[Electra] We are too far away
to tell what it is.
Move in closer but quietly.
[helmsman]
Aye, aye.
They're fixed already?
As good as new. You were right.
Wow! Thanks so much, monsieur.
It's just science
properly applied.
It was nothing.
Listen, Jean.
Hmm?
[Fait]
Nadia seems kind of tense.
Huh?
Why don't you
give her a present?
The road to a girl's heart
is paved with flowers.
Thank you. Where did
you get these?
We make them in the nursery.
Glad you like them.
Well, gotta get
back to work now.
-So long.
-See you soon.
-Always treat her right, Jean.
-Of course.
Incredible! This ship is
full of wonders.
Don't you agree, Nadia?
I guess so.
What's the matter?
Technology is great
even if it just makes people
lazier and less self-reliant.
It does a lot more than that.
It can bring happiness.
-Here.
-Huh?
[Jean]
These are for you.
I've never seen
such beautiful flowers.
Where did you get them?
They cultivate them
right here on the Nautilus.
They only use things like
that to distract you
from their scientific
atrocities, Jean. Hmm!
Uh, uh, wait.
Come on, Nadia.
Please don't act this way.
Flowers and trees
are given to us by nature,
so there's no reason
for them to be manmade.
[Nadia]
This is no different
from what Gargoyle was doing.
But, yes, it is.
[Nadia]
Hmm.
Huh?
It's a plaque.
-Hmm?
-See, Jean?
The Nautilus.
Launched June 21, 1888.
Incredible!
This is the craftsman's
nameplate for the Nautilus,
but what are those strange
letters down there?
The Eritrium, launched into
the stars,
sidereal year 7962.
-You read that?
-I...
I can't believe you could
decipher that!
You have talents
I did not know about.
I didn't know I could read it.
[Jean]
If that's what it says,
I wonder what it means.
What? The plaque
in the engine hall?
That's right. The ones
that has the launch date
of the Nautilus engraved on it.
-Oh, so you saw that, did you?
-Yes.
There is another
plaque beneath
that is not made
from metal or stone.
Um, it says some stuff
about Eritrium,
but I do not know
what that means.
Really? You mean
you were able to read it, Jean?
Uh, no, but Nadia
read it for me.
Oh, it was Nadia.
So what do those letters mean?
Well, look, Jean,
humans have
an insatiable hunger
to learn what they don't
understand, right?
-It is just curiosity.
-That's correct.
However, there are
certain things
we are better off not
knowing about.
Hmm?
Sometimes, we must learn
to be content
with our ignorance.
[sonar] The unknown ship
has been
positively identified
as the Garfish.
[Nemo] All hands report
to general quarters.
[Electra] All hands report
Prepare for enemy engagement.
They found the Garfish!
Well, it's time to kill again.
Hey, Nadia, why don't we
go up to the bridge?
But I thought the bridge was
off-limits during battle, Jean?
We'll just take a peek,
and then we'll come back down.
Besides, if you watch him
destroy the Garfish,
you may finally learn
to appreciate the Nautilus.
Come on, let's hurry.
Oh, uh.
Give me the status
of the Garfish now.
5,000 meters,
there's no chain, sir.
Why haven't they fired
their torpedoes yet?
Hmm.
They must have
surrendered, right?
The Nautilus' defense systems
have scared the fight
out of them.
Well, they would need a whole
fleet of attack vessels
to put a dent in our Nautilus.
[suspensful music playing]
[gasps]
I assigned everyone
to general quarters, Jean.
Oh, we just wanted
to see the ship in action.
Go to your room.
This is not a children's
playground.
Oh.
Let's go back down.
They don't want us here.
Hmm. Hey, what was that?
[metal banging]
-It's coming from outside.
-Stay alert.
What is it?
Some sort of
magnetized device.
It disrupted the engine's
electromagnetic fields.
[engineer] All
engines have stopped.
[sonar] Power to
the scanning system
has been shut down.
[Electra] Fire control sensors
have been disabled.
The Nautilus has been crippled.
[Blue Water beeping]
-Hmm?
-Sir.
[dramatic music plays]
I see four incoming torpedoes.
Distance 4,000 meters
and closing.
Deploy the baffles.
[man]
System not responding.
Order, sir.
When the range is 800 meters,
flood the ballast tanks
and put her into a crash dive.
Aye, aye.
[sonar] 1,200
meters. 800 meters.
Quickly,
flood the ballast tanks!
They're right on top of us.
[sonar] Two passed over us,
one passed under,
the fourth is heading
straight on!
[sonar] It passed just shy
of the conning tower, sir.
Phew! That was close.
[Nemo]
Where is it now?
[sonar] I think
it's at nine o'clock.
I found it.
Garfish approaching dead
on from the starboard side.
It's moving at full speed.
They're planning to ram us,
Captain.
Commence evasive action.
Captain, the rudder
is not responding.
[Nemo] All personnel
evacuate to the port side.
Brace for impact!
This is it!
[loud crash]
[screams]
They didn't break
through the hull!
[explosion]
We destroyed it!
[sighs] It couldn't be
more ruthless.
Only a madman like Gargoyle
would condemn his followers
to a suicide attack.
-Oh.
-What a horrible strategy.
[Nemo]
Damage report?
[control]
#7 ballast tank has been hit.
[sonar] Depth
indicator inoperable.
[Electra] The breaches
in the starboard hall
have been sealed.
[engineer] All
engines are inoperable.
We have to surface an order
to make external repairs,
Captain.
I will await your order.
Purge ballast tanks and head
for the surface quickly.
Aye, aye, Captain.
I found you again.
That was your last breath,
monster.
Prepare cannons for firing,
Holland.
Preparing cannons
for firing, sir.
Targeting the large submarine
on the starboard side.
You're gonna pay for what
you did to the Abraham.
The USS Barracuda
will see to it
as will the entire
American Fleet!
[laughing maniacally]
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[Blue Water beeping]
[gasps]
I thought we were
out of danger?
American naval fleet
off the starboard side!
Huh?
[explosion]
[screaming]
[seaman] Initial salvo has
reached its mark!
Excellent! Fire another!
Send it to Hell! Open fire!
[weapons firing]
[laughing]
How do you like that?
It's your turn to sink!
The secondary shelling salvo
will reach us in
50 seconds, Captain.
All quarters prepare
the defenses!
Engage emergency
porthole shutters!
Emergency dive!
Sir, the entire diving system
is inoperable.
[groans]
Look out!
[weapons firing]
This is going well, Holland.
I'm glad we decided to listen
to that bizarre fellow.
It's difficult to trust
a man in a mask.
I don't care about the mask.
If the information is sound,
we will serve justice to that
creature for killing my men.
Yeah, kill it!
That one was for
Jean and Nadia!
[screams]
[men clamoring]
[man]
Auxiliary engine damaged.
[engineer] Direct hit to
the diving fins, sir.
Purge all of the resource here
from ballast tanks one
through thirty-two immediately!
But wait, Captain,
that will throw us off balance.
I know that. Open all
of the emergency ports.
Aye, aye, Captain.
[groans]
Don't let it get away!
A direct hit!
It's hit. We got it.
It's about time.
[helmsman]
Depth is 150 meters.
[man]
The water's leaking
along the starboard side.
[Electra] Man the starboard
pumps on the double!
[helmsman] We've
struck bottom, Captain.
Depth is 200 meters.
[Nemo]
Release oil reserves
and purge the aft hangar.
We must make them think
we are scuttled.
[Electra]
Aye, aye.
Oil and debris had been purged
as ordered, Captain.
All hands begin
emergency repairs.
Yes, sir.
The drive system only
has enough power
to make it to the surface one
last time, Captain.
The best we can hope for now
is that the American Fleet
will believe we're sunk
and sail away.
It wasn't nearly as tough
as we expected it to be, sir.
Don't make assumptions.
We'll wait until we have proof.
I wanna be sure that it's dead.
[Holland]
That was a fighting submarine.
At least 150 meters long.
What country do you supposed
it could have belonged to?
I couldn't care less whose
ship that was.
I only need to know
that it has murdered
thousands of worthy men at sea.
Let it rot down there.
[grunting]
This isn't gonna hold for long.
[screams and alarm blaring]
We have a lethal gas leak
in the second auxiliary
engine room.
[men screaming]
We must contain it.
Seal that room off now.
But Ensign Fait and two others
are still in there, Captain.
[gasps]
-Seal it off!
-The men, Captain!
Then I will go down there
and get him out!
[gasps]
Jean!
[Jean panting]
I'm coming, Monsieur Fait!
Too strong! Won't budge! Huh?
[grunting]
Huh?
They don't have any more
service hatches!
But, hey!
Chief Engineer,
you must please open
the engine bulkhead
right now
or Monsieur Fait
will die in there.
[man]
He can't do it, Jean.
You'll be exposed to poison
gas if he lets you in there.
[gasps]
Oh, no!
But the ship is full of
advanced technology!
There has to be something
you can do for them!
You must save Monsieur Fait!
[engineer]
The ship is guarded
by super science,
but it cannot work miracles.
There is nothing we can do.
You can't do this!
You just can't let him die
like that!
You have to do something!
[engineer]
If we surface,
we can purge
the poison gas
and that would save them,
but we cannot
surface right now.
I'm sorry.
[Fait]
He's right, Jean.
If we surface, that warship
would destroy the entire ship.
Monsieur Fait!
[Fait]
Jean, can you hear me?
We'll get you out of there.
[Fait]
Don't bother, Jean.
Opening the head would
only endanger
everyone else
on board.
But I-I don't-don't care!
The captain made
the right decision.
If he hadn't closed this off,
the entire engine room
would be contaminated.
It's better for a few to die
than for that to happen.
It is the risk of
being a sailor.
You're wrong!
Beasts!
Captain, listen to me,
you must surface immediately
and save the lives
of your men.
Why must you protect the ship?
What's so important
about its secrets?
Please, sir.
If you raise the white flag,
they won't fire on us.
You could save everyone.
You don't have to kill.
You! You're not human! No!
Hey!
You keep your mouth shut
until you understand
how much the captain
is suffering!
[sobbing]
[Fait]
Nadia,
the knowledge
aboard this ship
would be dangerous
in enemy hands.
It can't be surrendered
like that.
But you're--he can't...
[Fait] You have to understand
this, Nadia.
You can't allow yourself
to think badly
of the captain for it.
He's the only reason
any of us are on this ship.
Captain Nemo, please carry out
the ship's mission.
Don't stop until the
Neo-Atlanteans are defeated.
Please, sir.
That would be
an honorable memorial for us.
Jean, please take
care of yourself
and keep a good watch over
Nadia, too.
Give her flowers
and touch her heart.
Monsieur Fait.
[Fait]
Goodbye, Jean.
[alarm blaring]
[Fait]
Oh, no! I don't wanna die!
There's so many more things
I wanted to do!
Please! I don't wanna die!
-I don't wanna--[coughing]
-Monsieur Fait!
No, you can't! No!
Please. Monsieur.
Monsieur Fait!
Monsieur Fait. Monsieur Fait.
[sobs]
Monsieur Fait.
[screaming]
[sobbing]
[radio]
All disruption devices
have been neutralized.
[sonar] Sonar detectors
are back in full operation.
No readings from above
or below the surface.
The American Fleet is gone.
Very well. Let us ascend.
[helmsman]
Aye, aye, sir.
[soft music playing]
Monsieur Fait,
these are your flowers.
Please accept them.
Huh, they sure are
a ruthless bunch.
They wouldn't even
stop to mourn.
There's no time for tears
when you are at war.
You're right!
They don't care!
Their only concern is
winning the war.
And they're watching
each other die.
[sobbing]
[engine whirring]
[singing in Japanese]